okay Nichols the next race J versus
Brooke gentlemen and ladies start your
engines on your mark get set go oh I see
kind of also oh oh oh oh it was a tough
race Brooklyn won she cut day off and
she stayed in front when she gets you up
oh he wants to realize here goes instant
rematch and they're not even tired okay
come on on your mark get set go Darrell
she's got a lead again she's got a lead
it's different oh my goodness
Jase both racist its flag off here in so
fat you won't run on this race what
happened what happened she won the first
race 90 you missed it
she won the first race see blue tape on
beat him and an outrageous blow you up
he's pretty tough